fix: Add feature removal to release notes (#2035)
codacy/docs: docs/release-notes/cloud/cloud-2023-10.md

-   TSQLLint can now also detect and analyze files with an `sql` extension. (TS-543)
-   Codacy no longer supports and now skips the analysis of branches named `HEAD` or matching the pattern `refs/heads/*`, as these are Git reserved terms. (IO-830)

## Feature removal

> Due to their limited adoption, we removed the following options for the issues listed on the **Issues** page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to their limited adoption, we removed the following options from the options menu of the issues listed on the **Issues** page:
```

Author: Tweaking your sentence to avoid "options" repetition (consistent with [this sentence](https://github.com/codacy/docs/blob/master/docs/repositories/issues.md?plain=1#L56)).

```suggestion
Due to their limited adoption, we removed the following options from the menu of each issue listed on the **Issues** page:
```

-   GitHub: Create pull request comments and GitHub issues.

> -   Bitbucket: Create pull requests comments and Jira issues. (CY-6535)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Bitbucket: Create pull requests comments and Bitbucket issues.
-   Jira: Create Jira issues. (CY-6535)
```

Author: @mrfyda This is not consistent with the [previous version of the documentation](https://github.com/codacy/docs/pull/1836/files#diff-e8e58aa758ed6911901c2b230d8f5c9ea696208c3c86317044d9ae6529f6a552L9)... We were not mentioning **Bitbucket issues**... 🤔 

For Bitbucket integration we had:
`When the integration is enabled, you can also create pull request comments and Jira issues directly from Codacy when browsing the existing issues on the repository.`
